docs: Refactor How-To Guide Documentation organization (#2598)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: docs/how-to-guides/own_machine/clone-renku-project.rst

.. _clone_renku_project:

Clone a Renku project
=====================

In order to save your work back to RenkuLab from your own machine, you'll need to authenticate with RenkuLab.

> You can do this easily by the ``renku login`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do this easily using the ``renku login`` command.
```

However, if you find yourself needing to authenticate via an SSH Key, you can find those instructions below as well.

.. tabbed:: Authenticate via renku login

>     To authenticate with Renku on a local machine where you have access to a browser, you can use :meth:`renku login <renku.ui.cli.login>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To authenticate with Renku via a browser, you can use :meth:`renku login <renku.ui.cli.login>`.
```

    Provide the url of the RenkuLab instance where your project is located in the following command:

    .. code-block:: console

        $ renku login <url of your renkulab instance>

    For example, if your project is on https://renkulab.io , enter:

    .. code-block:: console

>         $ renku login renkulab.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $ renku login --git renkulab.io
```

The `--git` flag is needed to modify the remote such that the token is used.

Reviewer: erm, I apologize, I didn't fully realize the context of this line - of course `--git` doesn't work because in this how-to we are outside of a project by definition (setting up the credentials to clone it). So following these instructions will fail... indeed we need to remove the `--git` flag. Sorry!!

>     This will open RenkuLab in a browser window, where you can enter your credentials.
>     Then, the local Renku CLI receives and stores a secure token that will be used for future authentications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This will open RenkuLab in a browser window, if possible, where you can enter your credentials.
    If it is not possible to open a browser (e.g. because you are logged in to a remote server) you can copy/paste the URL it displays to complete the login. 
    Then, the local Renku CLI receives and stores a secure token that will be used for future authentications.
```

.. _clone_renku_project:

Clone a Renku project
=====================

In order to save your work back to RenkuLab from your own machine, you need to authenticate with RenkuLab.

> If you're working with Renku on a machine with a browser, like your laptop,

Author: I'm not sure what you mean by this comment? What is now possible?

> If you're working with Renku on a machine with a browser, like your laptop,

Reviewer: logging in without having a browser attached to the machine that initiated the login.

> If you're working with Renku on a machine with a browser, like your laptop,

Reviewer: I'm in the process of trying it out... let me verify first ;)

> If you're working with Renku on a machine with a browser, like your laptop,

Author: updated!
